Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Azul] Boss.
you're gonna want to see this.
[mooing]
Shit.
[gunshot]
[Everett]
I'm afraid you're right. Rip.
Foot-and-mouth.
It'll burn through
your whole damn herd
if you don't act quick.
If this thing breaks bad...
I understand. I got it.
- Just what you asked for.
- Wow.
[Claudio]
The very best.
[Beth]
I got to go to Dallas.
I got that meeting
at the Swexan.
Certified Black Angus.
You bought Bill Edwards's ranch?
I sure did.
Fucking Hoyt.
We got into another fight
'cause he can't keep
his dick in his pants.
Why date someone
you hate so much?
Why don't you save me?
[moaning]
Oh. Everett. this place
will be the death of us.
Well. we'll just greet it
with a smile.
Well. I've missed you.
Yeah.
Listen. you're gonna
want to come home.
Are you okay?
Please don't lie to me.
I never have. honey.
and I never will.
[cattle lowing]
[lowing continues]
[bellows]
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
[Beth]
How does this happen?
It's got to be the new bull.
It ain't Reveille Farms. either.
It's more than likely Mexico.
♪
- [cattle lowing]
- [flies buzzing]
I don't want Carter to see this.
I'll get him up
and get him out of here.
Zachariah. Azul.
we got work to do.
You haven't had many girls
in your bed. have you?
Haven't had many beds.
That's what I like about you.
You're the prettiest woman
I've ever seen.
[chuckles softly]
[chuckles] What?
You know. you're already
gonna get laid again.
You don't got to flatter me.
You're bad
at taking compliments.
I don't believe in 'em.
You should.
Carter...
Who's your friend?
Uh. does it really matter?
Look. uh. I don't mind
what you do in your free time.
but right now. you should be
getting your ass to school.
Don't you think that he's old
enough to decide for himself?
I wasn't talking to you.
I'll-I'll drive you home.
No. you won't.
Where do you live?
10-Petal.
- Are you a Jackson?
- Yes. ma'am.
Course you are.
Meet me outside in two minutes.
[door closes]
[engine revving]
Trying out for NASCAR?
[clears throat]
Guess that's a yes.
You still in school?
Hmm?
No... ma'am.
Thought not.
Today's not the day for this.
but why him. why Carter?
He doesn't try to be
something he's not.
I've never met a guy like that.
Most are cocksuckers.
- Is that right?
- Mm-hmm.
Well. I don't know what type
of guys you're used to. Oreana.
but that one has a pure heart.
If you fuck with it. I will
make your life a living hell.
Beulah already beat you to it.
- I'm sure she did.
- [scoffs]
She uses people.
throws 'em out like trash.
Kicked my daddy to the curb.
Won't let me move out.
Well. you don't strike me
as the type of woman
who asks for permission.
♪ dramatic music ♪
It was nice to meet you.
Where'd you find her?
In bed with my son.
[sighs] Oreana's
like Texas weather.
Wait a day. she'll change.
find a new plaything to torment.
Carter isn't someone
to be played with.
My experience. boys that age
enjoy being played with.
[chuckles]
We got off on the wrong foot.
Let me make it up with a drink.
I'll pass.
Rio Paloma's a small town. Beth.
♪ tense music ♪
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
♪
- [door closes]
- [Oreana sighs]
Sheriff Wade says you've been
out making trouble again.
Do you get bored spying on me?
You're gonna do something.
do it right.
[sighs]
You running around town
like a feral animal
puts me in a difficult position.
It's also beneath you.
No more credit cards
or Bronco until you behave.
How the hell am I
supposed to get anywhere?
Your fucking lapdog?
Do not disrespect him.
[sighs]
I'll get him a leash.
[Beulah sighs]
♪ dramatic music ♪
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
♪
You need a hand. sir?
I can ride. rope. fix fences.
Not today. son.
Oh. but you might want to
mosey on inside.
Uh. Danny Ray. he knows every
ranch within a hundred miles.
Will do. Thank you.
[country music playing]
Uh. you Danny Ray?
- Yeah. What can I do for you?
- I was wondering
if you knew any ranches
in the area that need a hand?
Yeah. I know a few places
always looking
for day-trashers with a horse.
[Carter] I don't have a horse.
but I can ride and rope.
[Danny Ray]
Gonna be hard-pressed. then.
What's your day rate. chief?
Uh... whatever you're paying.
Not much.
but I'll throw in victuals.
I'm not really sure
what that is.
Grub.
I already ate.
Rule number one. two and three.
never turn down free food.
Let's scoot.
Sir. I... I don't have a horse.
Chief. you're about to be
the horse.
Come on. Giddyap.
♪ dramatic music ♪
[line rings]
[receptionist over phone]
Winter Garden Vet Clinic.
Hi. I'm calling
about a bull I bought.
Yes. ma'am.
And I have some questions
for Dr. Poole.
You mind holding
while I grab him?
Not at all.
Good girl.
You'll be rid of me soon enough.
[grunting softly]
[vet tech]
Dr. McKinney.
10-Petal has a pregnant mare
about to foal.
10-Petal uses Doc Sturgess.
Apparently. he's on vacation.
Who's covering for him?
Don't know.
but it seemed urgent.
[sighs]
Well. tell 'em I'm on my way.
but not to make a habit of it.
[Dr. Poole]
Hello. who is this?
My name is Dutton.
You did the presale examination
and blood work
on a bull I bought
from a cattle broker
named J.R. Simon.
I don't know a J.R. Simon.
Who is this again?
Dutton.
D-U-T-T-O-N. Beth.
I'm sorry. ma'am. I've never
heard of you or a J.R. Simon.
♪ dramatic music ♪
[cattle lowing]
[whistling]
[engine turns off]
Y'all know where Rob-Will's at?
He don't work here no more.
Well. who's the foreman. then?
You're looking at him.
Where's the pregnant mare?
What pregnant mare?
The one that dragged
my ass out here.
Sir. we ain't got
no pregnant horses.
That right?
Right as rain.
[scoffs]
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
[sighs]
[door opens]
You think you're awfully clever.
I am awfully clever.
Could've just asked me
to come by.
But you wouldn't have.
would you?
How about a whiskey?
I got a day ahead of me.
Oh. come on. Everett.
Take advantage of a good offer
while the two of us
are still breathing.
[laughs]
Nothing from you's
just a good offer.
Well. that ain't all true.
Just one drink. okay?
I'll set an alarm.
[pouring drink]
Just a splash.
All right.
[country music playing]
Yeah. Alpine born and bred.
I'd still be there. too.
except my mama
on her deathbed said. "Dwight.
you were meant to see
this big ol' world."
Have you?
From Alpine to here.
See. my mama. she wanted me
to be somebody I wasn't.
So. I told her
a little white lie.
She's probably still up there
looking down on me.
trying to block
the pearly gates.
Not that I have a ticket.
but still.
Enough of my jabbering.
What about you? How old are you?
Nineteen.
Nineteen?
Yeah.
On my 19th birthday.
I had a nasty wreck
after ingesting
three bottles of Boone's Farm.
I must've turned
that son of a bitch over
three or four times.
Cracked a femur.
concussed myself.
cuts and bruises everywhere.
but walked away.
No. didn't really walk away
with a cracked femur.
but you know what I'm saying.
The cowboy life. right?
We got to be tough
sons of bitches.
Yes. sir. we fucking do.
Why don't you take a break. man?
I'm-I'm getting worn out
just watching you work.
Come over here.
Share a couple of cold boys
with old Dwight.
[can pops]
Cheers. young fella.
Best part of working
is stopping.
[chuckles softly]
You ever thought about retiring?
If I drop dead bringing a foal
into this world. uh.
it'll be a life well lived.
Never thought about a final ride
beyond Rio Paloma?
Is that a question
or an invitation?
It's a bit of both. I suppose.
You're still running this ranch.
Well. I wish I didn't have to.
[chuckles]
Rob-Will's fighting
his demons again?
Good Lord. Ev.
You always did just cut deep.
Thought they taught you better
than that at vet school.
Well. your new foreman
looks out of his depth.
Chet is a decent enough cowboy.
Yeah. decent enough
to handle an outfit this size?
You want to come
run the place. huh?
Let me take the final ride?
Not for all the oil in Texas.
Well. truth be told.
I had to send Rob-Will off
to rehab.
Let's hope third time's
the charm.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
[grunts softly]
He was a decent kid.
Good people don't lose
all their good.
Some do.
I still got that old tire swing
hanging from my oak.
You know. I would've thought
it'd have fallen down by now.
Decades of sun and rain
and occasional ice storm.
but it won't quit. and. uh.
more than anything.
I just want the ropes to rot.
so I don't have to hear it creak
every time the breeze blows by.
I mean. part of me still thinks
it's Levi out there.
And then. you know.
reality kicks in. and...
[sighs]
...that wound rips open again.
But the guilt
of cutting it down...
[sighs]
Shit. Beulah.
If we could go back...
Yeah.
We got too many demons
to ever be good for each other.
♪ wistful music ♪
[sighs]
Well. I can't argue that.
You can't?
Okay. well. I guess not.
[chuckles]
I got to get on.
[sighs]
See you around. McKinney.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[crying]
[phone buzzing]
What is it?
Uh-uh. How many beers you have?
Might need another one.
[laughing]
You got it.
Ah. you got him.
- Damn.
- [phone buzzing]
Uh-oh.
Oh. shit.
Lady troubles?
It's my mom.
She thinks I'm in school.
Well. what the hell is this if--
You tell your mama
that this is school. son.
This is school of life.
[buzzing continues]
All right. all right.
Mum's the word.
Hey.
Listen. about this morning.
No. I... I get it.
Why don't you
take Oreana out tonight?
Get some dinner?
- No curfew.
- Really?
You already fucked her.
you might as well feed her.
Okay. Uh. I'm glad you like her.
Just be careful. please.
I love you.
[clerk]
Where's the party?
[scanner beeps]
Not a party. buddy. Funeral.
Sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
♪ somber music ♪
♪
Tell me to shut up if you want.
but God's plan
ain't always a blessing.
Shut up.
[country music playing]
Go long.
Nice try.
This ball's being thrown
one way or the other.
- Ah.
- [laughs]
Still got it.
Yeah. you do.
What color?
Doesn't matter. does it?
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
This'll be one of those days
that follow you to the grave.
If either one of you
want to walk.
I won't hold it against you.
We're with you.
[Zach]
Yes. sir.
Y'all are gonna dig the pit.
and Beth and I are gonna
drive 'em in.
Azul. you'll keep me loaded.
Beth...
I'll be right next to you.
Honey. that's not where
you want to be.
That's why I won't be
anywhere else.
[pouring drink]
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
Golly.
What?
Just need some air.
[Azul]
My old man always said.
"The surer a man is.
the less he knows."
Hector wasn't wrong.
So how can anyone be sure
what the Lord's thinking.
blessing or not?
I ain't sure.
but if it's all for nothing.
might be too bitter a pill
to swallow.
You know?
Might be too bitter.
♪ somber. dramatic music ♪
[cattle lowing]
♪
[mooing]
Rip. maybe she's okay.
Maybe we can save her.
We can't. honey.
[sighs]
- [Rip clicking tongue]
- [sighs]
[cattle lowing]
[lowing continues]
[mooing loudly]
♪ somber. dramatic music ♪
[bellows]
♪
[gunfire continues]
♪ somber. dramatic music ♪
♪
You don't deserve this.
- [gunshot echoes]
- [calf thuds]
♪
[engine starts]
[Zach]
♪ Play the drum slowly ♪
♪ Play the fife lowly ♪
♪ Play... ♪
[humming]
♪ As you carry me along ♪
♪ Down to the green valley ♪
♪ Lay the sod o'er me ♪
[humming]
♪ As you carry me along ♪
♪ somber. dramatic music ♪
[Carter]
It's nice land you got here.
I mean. I was ready
to hate Texas.
especially driving
through the. uh...
- Panhandle?
- Panhandle. that's it. Yeah.
I-I've never seen
so much nothing my whole life.
Must've slept
through Oklahoma. then.
Maybe.
You know why Texas
don't fall off into the Gulf?
Why's that?
Well...
[chuckling]
...because
Oklahoma sucks.
[both laugh]
Oh. my God.
Oklahoma sucks!
[laughing]
- Oh. man.
- Ah.
You ready for something wild?
- Born ready.
- Hmm. All right.
Grab ahold of your gojonies.
[engine starts]
Hang on. boy!
[whooping. shouting]
Whoo! [laughing]
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
Whoa.
Oh!
Safety first.
[Carter chuckles]
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
Come on. boy.
Come on.
[chuckles]
Holy fuck.
I named her Xena after the...
the Warrior Princess. you know?
[Carter]
That's a...
That's a full-blooded
African leopard.
Holy shit.
Where'd you even get her?
Who's asking?
Me.
[laughs] Okay. In that case.
I got her off this old boy
from Arkansas.
It's amazing the things you can
get on the Internet these days.
Kitty. kitty.
Come here. Xena.
Come here. baby.
Oh. shit. I...
I got to get out of here.
I got to go.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Here you go.
That's for a hard day's work.
Tell your Warrior Princess
ol' Dwight said hi.
- All right?
- All right. I will.
Okay. Take the Gator. too.
Take the Gator.
I'm gonna stay here a while.
- Sure?
- Um... yeah.
- Go on. go on. go on. go on.
- All right.
[snarls]
- There?
- Yeah.
I don't know how
we're gonna tell Carter.
Mm. I don't know. sweetheart.
He's resilient. He'll be okay.
Made some calls earlier.
Got answers
you're not gonna like.
All the vet paperwork.
the blood tests.
all of it forged.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
Cattle broker.
he fucked us. baby.
I didn't hear you come in.
I didn't want to wake you.
Oh. I barely sleep anymore.
Seems like you don't.
either. Hmm?
My daddy always said.
"Clouds give rain
to quench the dry earth.
That's how a man should live."
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
I'm so fucking tired.
Estoy harta.
Yo sé. jefa.
Let me take over.
Let me do the job for you.
I wish I could. Kino.
Wish I could.
[sighs]
[crickets chirping]
[Oreana]
Yeah.
[engine starts]
♪ dramatic music ♪
Okay.
[scoffs] Take my fucking truck.
See about that.
- Move.
- Where you going?
None of your fucking business.
Unfortunately. it is.
Going to meet a friend.
Believe it or not.
I do have friends.
Now move.
Unlike you.
there are some very real
consequences for me
if I fuck up.
I'm not trying
to fuck up your life.
but I'm done getting treated
like a child.
If you want freedom.
stop acting like a child.
[car approaching]
- ♪ tense. dramatic music
- [car door closes]
Back it up.
["Night Time is My Time"
by Jake Worthington playing]
♪ I hear the honky-tonk alarm ♪
♪ About 5 p.m. ♪
♪ And I put a splash of coffee
in my mug of gin ♪
♪ There's a good time
waiting on me uptown ♪
♪ Lord. I start to come alive ♪
♪ When the sun goes down ♪
♪ Hey. neon is... ♪
[snoring]
[gasps] What the fuck?
You sold me a sick bull.
[yells]
[Simon]
What the hell you talking about?
♪ ominous music ♪
[grunts]
Dr. Poole doesn't know you.
People come to me.
Their business ain't mine.
I will get you every penny.
- [screams]
- Shut the fuck up.
[clattering]
You got 30 seconds
to get the fuck
out of this trailer
and out of Rio Paloma.
and if I ever fucking see your
fucking face again. you're dead.
♪
This was supposed to work.
Nobody could've seen
this coming.
I'll fix it.
I'll do whatever I have to do.
No.
This isn't on you to fix.
[engine turns off]
[seat belt clicks]
I need a minute. honey.
I love you.
You sent me away.
I was protecting you.
Protecting me from what?
You want me to be a rancher.
No. today wasn't ranching.
Carter.
Bullshit.
- I should've been here.
- Well. you weren't.
Yeah. because you sent me to
class with fucking 15-year-olds.
We will break ourselves in half
to give you a better life.
Carter. Do you understand that?
My life isn't yours.
And it isn't fucking Rip's.
I mean. no curfew. and I thought
it was because you liked Oreana.
[sniffles]
You're just a liar.
♪ somber. dramatic music ♪
- I'm sorry.
- [door opens]
[door slams closed]
♪
[sighs]
- [line ringing]
- [clears throat]
[phone buzzing]
Yeah?
[Rip over phone]
It's done.
[sighs] I'm sorry.
For you and Beth.
Yeah.
[sighs]
♪
[exhales]
[sighs]
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm